Good evening, guys. Evening. Hello. Do you choose Mr. Sturgis all or not yet? Is there anyone who hasn't signed to the team? Maybe two, three minutes ago. Two days ago. Make sure. Today is the deadline, yeah? By the way, do we have strict deadlines for homework, guys? No. Isn't it that strict? No, no, no. But I would suggest to find at least like 10 to 15 minutes every day how I am doing. Because when it will come at the end, it will be like everything, you know. So at least I'm just trying to find 10, 15, 20 minutes doing, doing like by small, small, small parts. Then every day. Homework from this course or from others? Any, I think. Other courses, I think, didn't give you homework yet, yeah? They give it. They give it. Data, data processing. They gave it gave. He gave yesterday. I think this file format. I yesterday I missed the class yesterday. Hello, Italy. I have a question about the future. If you see two days ago, Google introduced quantum computers. Yeah. In our second lesson, you said that there is a problem with the model because they have a resource problem. And what will be in the future about it? Because if Google, if we have, they have quantum computers, then they have a huge resource. And how they will change. Yeah, so that's really good. That's an interesting question. I don't know how they work, like only very general concept of these cubits. I still, you know, I've been studying quantum physics in university, like at least one year, probably two years. I can't remember. You know, a lot of electronics works on quantum methods. So, for example, some stuff allows the electrons to jump the barrier. They like actually cannot jump. So they like tunneling through that. And no one knows like how it works, but it works. And we use it in TVs and smartphones. And that's it. Like some kind of some kind of magic. So it's still I think there should be some kind of scientific explanation, but I don't know like how these quantum computers work. I don't understand the concept of like something having the value of zero and one at the same time, because like, OK, you can imagine that. But how about the storage? Right. So. If you talk about like HDD or SSD, any storage, so you need to write it and you need to like you should be able to read it in the future. And the most fear, like two fears I remember, like from the community regarding quantum computers is, OK, if they are so powerful and can make like much more like, I don't know, millions times computations per second. So what about the encryption? So RSA or any other encryption algorithm? So basically, encryption works like modern encryption works on the very basic example, like there are how it's called, like one way function in maths. I don't know how it's in English. So so the way like it's very easy to calculate this, for example, it's very easy to multiply two prime integers and get the result. But it's super hard to understand like what. What are the integers you multiplied if you received like this result and. A lot of encryption is based on that, and actually Bitcoin is based on that. So Bitcoin has several like Bitcoin has a lot of protocols inside like technologies and most of them like top tier encryption we have right now. So if Google can beat that so they can possibly like hijack all the new bitcoins, maybe they can rewrite the whole Bitcoin, like the whole blockchain, like in a day. And I don't know, like steal all the bitcoins from us. So a lot of like military applications, like all this encryption and networking. So I don't know, it's technically possible that such technology can can appear, but. Taking into account how much time and money and resources and smart people it takes to build such thing. So maybe the first country which builds it, I don't know, like will create some kind of like snow crash like from cyberpunk books. I don't know. So we'll see. At least like I know, like from what I understand, like IT history and technology history, like all the new like top tier technologies, they have like two applications. Like the two industries basically driving them fast and like making them broadly available is porn industry and military. So this is like two things usually picking up the latest stash and trying to get like money of that. And maybe one of them will pick it up. I don't know, maybe military first. So we're going to see the new applications of quantum stuff. Yeah, but from personal perspective, like being a human, like, I don't know, like IT guy. So, yeah, that's interesting. But unless I cannot benefit from that, I cannot, unless I cannot like earn money doing that. So it's inevitable for me, like the sun, the sun just can stop. I don't know, like, okay. This is a bad example because the earth rotates across the sun. So the earth can just stop rotating and it will be an infinite night for me. So I can't do anything about that. I can't do anything about rain. So what I can do is just to buy the umbrella. I don't know, pray the rain stops sometime. In case I have the problem or something I cannot influence, I think it's good not to worry about it. Because if you worry about something you cannot change, that's bad. So you spent a lot of resources and the result will be nothing, like for sure. So my plan is just read the news, I don't know, follow this agenda, but don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah, let's get down to business. So let me try to open my schedule. I have to reboot my PC today, so I lost this Excel spreadsheet. Okay, this one. Okay, so the good news, good news, we are on track, right? And here we are, meeting number five. So today we're going to discuss Whisper API and local installation. The bad news, I took a look at some of the Chromeworks, like two or three, maybe five, but not like very high level. I like the blog posts you guys made, so I like the pictures and I think I will share some of my favorite pictures next time. So I assume I will need this weekend to check them and probably to, I don't know, set some marks or something like that. So just give me some time, but I haven't found any like critical problems there. So just remember to share the workflow, how you did that, like for the first task. So I need to see like what prompts you've been using. And don't forget about the pictures. So the pictures are necessary for our blog post. So I think we're going to focus on that probably either on this lecture or this one. We don't have time to review the Chromeworks. But today we're going to discuss Whisper.